r_gbif_checklist: some fixes (#320)
inbo/tutorials: content/tutorials/r_gbif_checklist/index.Rmd

names(red_list)
```

> The slot ´meta `contains metadata:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The slot `meta` contains metadata:
```

But what do those keys stay for?

> - `key`, sometimes called `taxonKey`, is the GBIF key of the taxon. It is unique among all taxa published on GBIF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `key` (sometimes called `taxonKey`) is the taxon identifier assigned by GBIF. The same taxon in different checklists will have a different `key`.
```

Reviewer 2: Nice rephrasing, thanks.

> - `taxonID` is the identifier of the taxon within the red list checklist as provided by the authors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `taxonID` is the taxon identifier as provided by the authors. The authors should keep it stable between publications.
```

> - `nubKey` is the identifier of the taxon within the [GBIF Backbone Taxonomy](https://www.gbif.org/dataset/d7dddbf4-2cf0-4f39-9b2a-bb099caae36c) dataset, or simply _backbone_. The link from the taxon in the red list checklist dataset to the taxon in the backbone is done by GBIF automatically behind the scenes when publishing the checklist. You can control the match before publication of course, by using the gbif match utility in rgbif (see the vignette [match and download a long species list](https://docs.ropensci.org/rgbif/articles/downloading_a_long_species_list.html)) or the GBIF [data validator](https://www.gbif.org/tools/data-validator) web tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nubKey` is the taxon identifier within the [GBIF Backbone Taxonomy](https://www.gbif.org/dataset/d7dddbf4-2cf0-4f39-9b2a-bb099caae36c) dataset, or simply _backbone_. The same taxon in different checklists will have the same `numKey`. The link between the taxon in the checklist and the taxon in the backbone is automatically created by GBIF behind the scenes when publishing a checklist. You can control the match before publication of course, by using the gbif match utility in rgbif (see the vignette [match and download a long species list](https://docs.ropensci.org/rgbif/articles/downloading_a_long_species_list.html)) or the GBIF [data validator](https://www.gbif.org/tools/data-validator) web tool.
```
